## Further Topics

**As moderators, we believe that merely banning political speech results in a place where the marginalized lose their voices and the status quo remains. That that’s not what we want.** Rule 9 exists because our original method of diverting politics to #deleted-channel, a channel for tough topics, created a den of strong, hostile opinions that made it tough for moderators. This is why we’re reframing our rules to allow political speech everywhere as long as it’s topical and within the bounds of our rules. We expect that non-game related political conversations are limited and done with great restraint and respect. Since RPG Talk is about games, political speech not relating to RPGs (such as election politics) will be held to a much higher standard than, say, a discussion about the problematic nature of H.P. Lovecraft and how to make games based off of his work inclusive. No matter how you feel about politics, you must respect all our rules.

**Minimize NSFW material, news/politics links and use content warnings.** We aim for an environment that is safe for a professional workspace. If you must post something that is NSFW or may bother others, surround links with <> characters like `<https://www.google.com/>` to suppress the image preview and/or double bars, which hides the text as a spoiler. Use a concise content warnings before the spoiler-barred text such as “CW: topic“.

**Behavior outside of RPG Talk can affect us here.** We would love for RPG Talk to exist in a vacuum away from the rest of the internet, but it does not. If something off-site  violates our Code of Conduct,we will take it into consideration, particularly if it is affecting the cohesion of the community. We'd really prefer not to have to deal with this and we have no intention to actively police conduct elsewhere. 